Yes very much
Hello, today was Mashi correct answer here
I will try using the Kusanagi club for a few weeks, and I would like to express my impression on it
I think in a nutshell in a nutshell I think this is very good It is the best This
The highest is the Cheers
Umu
It's not like you're a young girl, but I'm compared for sound comparison
I'd become this guy Gyarakushi
M
Two years ago, it's not so thin .
Well, I'm telling you that the cat will enter on the 4th, but please understand that there
Raz hey
When the processing speed is using this guy is incredible fast I
First of all, the browser reads the sound of the browser
When I searched for something, it didn't seem to be displayed well.
The pie max data in the treatment of rice do not appear
mobile 9
It's because the cat situation is bad and the speed is slow
I thought it was too slow, but the display speed was
Early problem because with this guy I think it was a guy
Well because it was dual core, it was late
It did they realize it after twitter me with
I'm using it for glue- up, but twitter
I thought it was too late to update it, and it took me a long time.
You just need to put a root here and you say it is a Twitter .
The work after is called princess reader pro
ra I want a political leader
Such at you is registered but it is is it corresponding still
Throat cast Toka variety so say the cat winter I sync
I already what Kasumi child is I'm I'm Kana
After all I wonder if the radio wave is bad if I do it again and again
It will be over soon
Gathering information and planning a day as many times as winter is over
Well I I processing speed is also a human being without about Neson
My well underground machine
It will be faster
I'm happy
It is the size after this
There is a 4.95 inch medicine store .
It's of Well this recently but this is also I Nesco bottom is huge
In other words, it's a wall , it's a tiny agent, but the screen is a base or a person.
It would be short dirty finger at me I when it comes to this than big
If you do not see the short sex hard to fall
Is but
Please take a look here first
This is not because it's straight golden
Different to say how
A It is after the diagonal
I'm very easy to hit the hit on this I form this
It is delicious to catch Japanese ghost gold at an angle
I'm easy to fall but is a member, but with thin
It is thought that this can be held properly
Also the size of the theme screen
With age it with one hand or what is you will receive cut and wearing a ne fog bunker ring is
OK
Of size is not another hemorrhoids it over over dissatisfaction with the
Not write on the screen easy to see sound
Atobadesu It Well
This one
It shines do to do to the hereabouts of was this to say that one day there is an e-mail back and forth softening notification
Ne
Hey because it's glowing with Ikusasebu
It is easy to understand in the month of 24 and is saved
It is I I I home input after I'm using in google Japanese input
It's this guy was this not with enthusiasm when you enter a character
I'm late for my house in Flickn Sok
It Nde me come with the roots and the vessel Hey chan
But it will once again do a first pause just given likely that this bounce will be saved very sleepy
Another one is a family
I wonder if it was Ne Ne
Did you understand
The screen is beautiful .
But it also got a say I made after lg ld is liquid crystal Hey
I'm good at
It's beautiful , lg's director
I hope there is neither good nor bad
I wondered where it was, but I wonder if lg is pretty good too
I thought I used a cat
I also say I 5
It was good that I wanted to touch it, and the image for lg changed a little
Seed money
Hey !
I wonder if it is such a place
The point I think was good I am
I wish I could hit him but a good woman
I mean I want to get that picture down, so it 's a little ob
There is much trouble Well bunker ring I become it easier to spring water I Nde like going to the rice cake
Still
I'm writing two more Iteson in a bank that hurts the statistics I put on my desk
Rise cat to meet the golden It is a distinguished service Hey If you find something here in the chair
After the second meeting, it's over on the noon weakening
I think I have a on top with the other hand
I think I'm not a top gold top love locked
Not that it's not one woman Kabuki it's smartphone is
i 'm also a podcast and a radio ne smartphone
Wear it with a smile and this is a pocket shake
Survey to to booby following tipper woman Ne'tsu
I put it out and live as it is
Yanjack of electromagnetic meal was splashed, but it was good
I called that Nakaya pad regardless Tsu Huh
Boo boule down
I'm doing this I said google now Nekokke
A real that does not work Ne and I here
I think I Tteyuu like to do google now to adopt
There is a time when it doesn't start, but like this, it's time to move once .
I guess I'm what got this
Unane: It's very annoying , I ca n't do it at all .
Dark I really don't know skin a I 'm kind of inconvenient yes
After Nea, is not it there is a person or something this
I thought it would be sloppy to combine Buber.
But I'm good at did you also addicted to net the actual situation of 1 Lapin g
What do I think I to me like a car with the bunker ring put people I Well such a person is not
announce
Properly I think that slowly is better to out hot water chestnuts school
Yes today
I here
Though it was my impression that I used the fighting pipe for 3 weeks long
It 's not so good, isn't it?
Good
It was good to know that it was true
I I think let's use is recommended in the future important I Korezo I it in
Goodbye
re
Fufufu
Hmm